docs: improve readme (#1411)
ReVanced/revanced-manager: docs/3_troubleshooting.md

  An existing installation of the app you're trying to patch is conflicting with the patched app. Uninstall the existing app before installing the patched app.

- 🥛 Out Of Memory error

>   This indicate that your device doesn't have enough memory to patch the app. Try patching on another device that's have more memory.
> 
>   In the meantime there's a remedy fix by going to `⚙️ Settings -> Advanced -> toggle "Run Patcher in another process (experimental)"` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This indicates that your device is not giving ReVanced Manager enough memory to patch the app.

  Turning on  `⚙️ Settings -> Advanced -> toggle "Run Patcher in another process (experimental)"` may solve the issue.
```
